docs: add note for versioned install (#1773)
risc0/risc0: website/api/zkvm/install.md

cargo risczero install
```

> > Note: To install a specific version instead of using the latest stable version, use `cargo binstall cargo-risczero@<version>` where the version is the crates.io release tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: To install a specific version instead of using the latest stable version, use `cargo binstall cargo-risczero@<version>` where the version is a [release tag](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/releases). 
```
